c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.exe.config
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.deps.json
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.runtimeconfig.json
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.exe
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.pdb
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\libuv.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.AspNetCore.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Antiforgery.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Cors.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Cryptography.Internal.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.DataProtection.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.DataProtection.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Diagnostics.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Html.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.HttpOverrides.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.JsonPatch.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Localization.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.ApiExplorer.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Core.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Cors.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.DataAnnotations.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Formatters.Json.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Localization.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Razor.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Razor.Host.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.TagHelpers.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.ViewFeatures.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.Runtime.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.ResponseCaching.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Server.IISIntegration.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Server.Kestrel.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticFiles.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.WebUtilities.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.DotNet.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.EnvironmentVariables.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.FileExtensions.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Json.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.DiagnosticAdapter.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Composite.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Physical.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.FileSystemGlobbing.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Globalization.CultureInfoCache.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Localization.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Localization.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Console.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Debug.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.ObjectPool.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.ConfigurationExtensions.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.WebEncoders.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Net.Http.Headers.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.BrowserLink.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Buffers.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.ComponentModel.Primitives.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\obj\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\obj\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.csproj.QueueSystem.exe.config
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\obj\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\obj\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.exe
c:\users\mazen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\obj\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.pdb
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.exe.config
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.deps.json
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.runtimeconfig.dev.json
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.exe
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.pdb
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\libuv.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.AspNetCore.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Antiforgery.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Cryptography.Internal.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.DataProtection.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.DataProtection.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Diagnostics.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Diagnostics.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Html.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.HttpOverrides.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.JsonPatch.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Localization.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.ApiExplorer.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Core.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.DataAnnotations.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Formatters.Json.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Localization.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Razor.Host.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.TagHelpers.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.ViewFeatures.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.ResponseCaching.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Server.IISIntegration.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Server.Kestrel.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticFiles.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.WebUtilities.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.DotNet.PlatformAbstractions.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.EnvironmentVariables.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.FileExtensions.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Json.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.DiagnosticAdapter.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Composite.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Physical.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.FileSystemGlobbing.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Globalization.CultureInfoCache.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Localization.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Localization.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Console.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Debug.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.ObjectPool.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.ConfigurationExtensions.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.PlatformAbstractions.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.WebEncoders.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Net.Http.Headers.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.BrowserLink.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Buffers.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.ComponentModel.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\obj\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\obj\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.csproj.QueueSystem.exe.config
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\obj\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\obj\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.exe
C:\Users\Mazen_Suliman\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\obj\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.pdb
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.exe.config
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.deps.json
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.runtimeconfig.json
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.runtimeconfig.dev.json
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.exe
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.pdb
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\libuv.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.AspNetCore.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Antiforgery.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Cors.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Cryptography.Internal.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.DataProtection.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.DataProtection.Abstractions.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Diagnostics.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Diagnostics.Abstractions.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Abstractions.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.Abstractions.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Html.Abstractions.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Extensions.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.HttpOverrides.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.JsonPatch.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Localization.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Abstractions.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.ApiExplorer.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Core.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Cors.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.DataAnnotations.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Formatters.Json.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Localization.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Razor.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Razor.Host.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.TagHelpers.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.ViewFeatures.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.Runtime.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.ResponseCaching.Abstractions.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.Abstractions.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Server.IISIntegration.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Server.Kestrel.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticFiles.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.WebUtilities.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.DotNet.PlatformAbstractions.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.EnvironmentVariables.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.FileExtensions.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Json.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.DiagnosticAdapter.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Composite.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Physical.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.FileSystemGlobbing.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Globalization.CultureInfoCache.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Localization.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Localization.Abstractions.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Console.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Debug.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.ObjectPool.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.ConfigurationExtensions.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.PlatformAbstractions.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.WebEncoders.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Net.Http.Headers.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.BrowserLink.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Buffers.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.ComponentModel.Primitives.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\obj\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\obj\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.csproj.QueueSystem.exe.config
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\obj\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.AssemblyInfo.cs
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\obj\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.exe
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\obj\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.pdb
D:\Proj\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Session.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.exe.config
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.deps.json
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.exe
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.pdb
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\libuv.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.AspNetCore.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Antiforgery.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Cors.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Cryptography.Internal.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.DataProtection.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.DataProtection.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Diagnostics.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Diagnostics.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Html.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.HttpOverrides.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.JsonPatch.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Localization.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.ApiExplorer.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Core.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Cors.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.DataAnnotations.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Formatters.Json.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Localization.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Razor.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Razor.Host.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.TagHelpers.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.ViewFeatures.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.ResponseCaching.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Server.IISIntegration.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Server.Kestrel.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Session.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticFiles.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.AspNetCore.WebUtilities.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.DotNet.PlatformAbstractions.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.EnvironmentVariables.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.FileExtensions.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Json.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.DiagnosticAdapter.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Composite.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Physical.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.FileSystemGlobbing.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Globalization.CultureInfoCache.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Localization.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Localization.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Console.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Debug.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.ObjectPool.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.ConfigurationExtensions.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.PlatformAbstractions.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Extensions.WebEncoders.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.Net.Http.Headers.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.BrowserLink.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Buffers.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.ComponentModel.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\bin\Debug\net452\win7-x86\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\obj\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\obj\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.exe.config
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\obj\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\obj\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\obj\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\obj\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\obj\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.exe
C:\Users\mazen_suliman\source\repos\QueueSystem\QueueSystem\obj\Debug\net452\win7-x86\QueueSystem.pdb
